September, 2015
17th
Introduction and tour around Barnwood Domain.
18th
Getting used to software and colleagues. Attended an Oracle BI meeting.
19th to 22nd
Cannington Court induction: Team-building exercises and lectures on important aspects to work, e.g. rapport, communications, etc.
23rd
Attended an EDT meeting and a STEM Ambassador Talk.
24th to 25th
Reading digital backlog, IT architecture and completing Export Controls and Anti-fraud assessments.
26th to 28th
Continue understanding of Accenture e-forms mobile app source code. Intro talk with Martin Edmond on the 28th.
29th
Ordered Freedom laptop, started looking at PDDs, and attended Architects Team meeting.
30th
Talked with Robin Whitfield on PDD templates, had a Mobility and Innovation steering meeting, started looking into wiki options.
October, 2015
1st
Gave in outstanding ID documents to STEM today, attended a strategy session, talk with Graham on the SharePoint system, had an induction follow-up with Martin.
2nd to 4th
Had a talk with Simon Dickinson on the Asset Guardian PDD on the 2nd.
5th
Began understanding of the Microsoft Azure services after gaining access to an Office 365 account, attended meeting on migration of legal team from Blue to Red, new tasks were given.
6th
Attended a Mandate A meeting on integration approaches, had a chat with Sunil Prajapat on DeepSecure test cases, attended an NG Architecture Forum.
7th
Started first draft of the DeepSecure test cases.
8th
Completed first draft of the DeepSecure test cases.
9th to 14th
Miscellanea - Reading up on integration and writing up notes and Tuesday Architects meeting.
15th to 16th
Hack Day on AutoTour with Microsoft, mainly working on the presentation with Team 3.
17th to 19th
Continued note-taking on integration.
20th
Attended a strategy forum and - with help from Andy - I created my first virtual machine, TomsMachine.
21st
Started configuration of TomsMachine; like adding programs - Visual Studio for example. Started to see how to access/compile Team 1's source code for the AutoTour hackday. Started building a document on high-level structure of templating and wikifying, (possibly), the PDDs.
22nd
Attended a Strategy session on business capabilities. Considered possibility of using bespoke application to develop PDDs. Sorted out a meeting with Jen Stephens; Portfolio Management and a meeting with Robin on PDD Wiki Visions.
23rd
Continued working on documents for PDD wikification and making the layout of the DeepSecure test cases more like Phil Gilbert's. Attended info talk on Portfolio management with Jen Stephens.
24th to 26th
Sent Team 3 presentation and mock-up UI to Sunil. Continued writing up on integration; message construction.
27th
Attended architects team meeting and talked with Martin on wikifying PDDs. More integration note-taking.
28th
Reformatted test cases for DeepSecure and had a talk on wikifying PDDs with Mat Rowles.
29th
Inserted formal detail on DeepSecure to expand the likes of the test procedure document. Attended a strategy session on integration. Started developing more on SharePoint PDD wiki to prepare for demo.
30th
Ill.
November, 2015
1st to 2nd
Built upon revised test procedure for DeepSecure test cases. Started creating a powerpoint for demo presentation on wikifying PDDs.
3rd
Continued building WPDD demo powerpoint. Attended architect's meeting. Attended meeting on Mubaloo on the art of the possible with using beacons (BLE) on plants, specifically concerning AutoTour procedure.
4th
Continued to look into using a Powershell-powered runbook to automate up-times and down-times for the running of Azure virtual machines and servers. Obtained equipment names for resting from Jon Hall to add to DeepSecure test procedures document.
5th
Attended small architect forum. Continued trying to work out complications for creating a runbook in Azure.
6th
More work on sorting out the Azure runbook. Had a DeepSecure workshop on the test procedure with Sunil, Ian Kelly, Phil Gilbert, Andy and Neil from DeepSecure.
9th to 10th
Went to the Malverns with Sunil, Nigel and Jon Bale for DeepSecure training.
11th
Gave a demo on wikifying PDDs. Created a cross-analysis table for the multiple options for simplifying the creation of PDDs. More automation - runbook research. Had a one-to-one with Martin; moved to Friday.
12th
Set up Linux CentOS server on Red Hat to host the MediaWiki files and directories. This will make MediaWiki ready to build a directory PDD to test functionality on. Went to a strategy session on pushing a final project on strategy and capabilities as well as high level thinking for upgrading desktop OSs from XP to 7 and then to 10. Went to a pension briefing with Generation IS. Attended a YinI mentor meeting correlating views between me, Martin and Pete.
13th
Getting a little more insight on how to use Microsoft PowerShell, specifically to use Powershell scripts in Azure. More help from John Bale on setting up the Linuz server to start working on the MediaWiki demo. Made an outlining specification for how to structure the created MediaWiki. Me and John completed the setup of the MediaWiki, ready for configuration and creation.
16th
Learning how to make restarting the web server for the MediaWiki more autonomous. Had a DeepSecure follow-up with Sunil and Nigel Atkins. Also talked with Andy on an update for how Azure automation was progressing.
17th
Sorted out the certificate problem on Azure automation. Had a Generation Architect's meeting in the morning and a Generation Architect's Forum in the afternoon. Continued making a template PDD wiki page.
18th
Completed the template PDD wiki page. Started filling in template for Asset Guardian (dummified).
19th
Edited Ian Kelly's input on test procedure for review form Phil and Sunil. Attended a strategy session on updating and finalising the strategy capabilities summary. Continuation of editing Asset Guardian PDD wiki.
20th
Continuation and finalisation of Asset Guardian PDD wiki.
23rd
Tarnishing Asset Guardian PDD wiki page by adding links and associated files. Steve from DeepSecure is in today.
24th
Started building example HLA wiki page. It was an HLA for HNB Beran but for example's sake, I linked it with the Asset Guardian PDD. Catch up with Sunil and Nigel on DeepSecure insights. Had an informal meeting with Steve from DeepSecure, John Bale and Sunil on requirements and required actions for DeepSecure. Gave Steve test procedure for review.
25th
Finished HLA wiki page. Had an informed meeting with Nigel and Sunil on current system's (Web Sense) forensics capabilities, (forensics with respect to data). Looking into time-constrained formatting of text in wikis for purpose of 'recent changes' acknowledgment.
26th
Day of learning the configuration of DeepSecure test environment as well as how the policies for their guards can tie into the current test procedure. Also managed to find security problem with TransGap guard.
27th
Developing better page for help in MediaWiki PDD site. Made changes to DeepSecure test procedure based on Steve's words yesterday. Seen Nathan Mustoe on Clearswift.
30th
Steve came round again to roughly round up the remainder of the DeepSecure smoke tests, completing the dropbox use case and adding to the other two use cases. He may come back in the near future.
December, 2015
1st
Used a for loop and pre-defined variables to finalise the runbook scripts. The final point of agenda is to learn the sequence of order for how the virtual machine should be turned off and on. Made further edits to the DeepSecure test procedure document. Completed sequencing for Azure Powershell.
2nd
Continuation of building/updating/investigating MediaWiki interface. Had a meeting with Ian and Sunil on next steps for DeepSecure.
3rd
Had a strategy session and a conference call with Neil Hepsworth and Sunil. Had a session with Niall who will be testing DeepSecure when the time comes - the session was to get him used to the environment.
4th
Had a meeting with Redhat on integration; where EDF stands on the concept and what Redhat would be able to do. Gave an updated demo on wikification of project design documents. Given feedback on further investigation. Had a strategy session with Nuclear New Build on their business strategy/capability process and how NG could adapt to their more successful workflows.
7th
Simply checking DeepSecure configuration is correct.
8th
Steve from DeepSecure came to help configure the web service side of ClearPoint. Had to avoid the Generation Architect's meeting to work with Steve.
9th
Configured the desktop environment for DeepSecure a little. Started writing a document on progress made on the wikification of PDDs. Started round one testing with Niall. Had a one-to-one with Martin.
10th
Had a catch up on DeepSecure with Ian, Phil and Sunil. Had a strategy session with Martin, Graham and Sunil with Computer Associates on ways to tackle the business strategies case. Did research on GigJam and wrote an overview document.
11th
Fail on the driving test. Added a small update to the Azure Automation Implementation document. Looked into GigJam a little more after talking with Adam Ashby and then getting into contact with Clive Dilley of Microsoft. Shared out wiki IP to ask for feedback from the other architects. Starting more experimentation with the layout of the wiki.
14th
Ill.
15th
Edited the DeepSecure ClearPoint environment to notify the originator and considered how to block attachments and files that have not been labelled, which may be hard to get around. LEft early due to continuing illness.
16th
Ill.
17th
Still ill but came in anyway. A little more refinement on DeepSecure configuration. Had  PoT catch-up with Ian and Sunil on DeepSecure progress. Talked on a new use case on coupling DeepSecure with Bolton-James or other similar software in-use to see how it will couple on refining and constraining transmitted metadata in attachemnts.
18th
Ill.
21st
Day of further editing on Azure Automation document. Added more images and clarification based on Andy's comments on the document. Talked with Martin on starting investigation/work on Dragon NaturallySpeaking and Beran from the innovation hopper.
22nd
Talked with Kathryn Prime and Becky Andrews on how Dragon NaturallySpeaking works. Constructed more of the Dragon NS document. Constructed an Interim report for Loughborough university. Collated more screenshots for the Azure automation document.
23rd
Developed Interim report a little more. Handed it into Martin for anlaysis on containing sensitive information. More development on Azure Automation document. In talks with John B on Visual Editor for MediaWiki. Starting set-up for that.
24th
Worked with John B on VisualEditor. Got to final stages of implementation.
25th to 31st
Christmas Break.
January, 2016
1st to 3rd
Christmas Break.
4th
Expenses claim for Holiday Inn on the 15th of October - need receipt to come through. Now have access to ESS portal. Submitted expenses claim report. Completed test cases for first and third use cases by Niall. Finalising of ClearPoint configuration for authors property condition to prevent it from entering branching additional policies form label identification.
5th
More configuration of DeepSecure ClearPoint. Fitted in certain cells of DeepSecure test procedure document based on Niall's testing. A little investigation on Vagrant and how it can be used with Microsoft Azure. First Architect team meeting of 2016.
6th
Worked out what was wrong with VisualEditor; (IE7 not supported). Trying to constrain who can access wiki web service on DeepSecure test environments based on user rather than IP... Troubleshooting. More research on several things.
7th
Got new desktop environment from Jon H with IE10 installed. VisualEditor now works for creating new pages. Need to set up parsoid server with John B to edit already existing pages and saving changes. Strategy session on illustration of Vision 2020. Trying to catch up to everyone else's wavelength.
8th
Meeting on Innovation Pipeline, concerning objects in the innovation pipeline and who to assign them to.
11th
More investigation on ClearPoint configuration for TransGap and how to make it work properly. Need to arrange meeting with Steve of DeepSecure.
12th
Had a Generation Architect's team meeting. Tidbits everywhere else.
13th
Got Niall to provide feedback from DeepSecure training. Meeting with Andy on Beran and Vagrant introduction. One-to-one with Martin on how I'm doing. Set up Wiki Editor to see how it is.
14th
DeepSecure PoT with Phil, Ian and Sunil. Working with alternatives to VisualEditor for MediaWiki, WikiEditor seems to be the best alternative.
15th
Changed the date of the new PDD Demo to Tuesday. E-mailed Chan Mistry on Dragon NS. Started investigation into Vagrant and how it could benefit the company.
18th
Spent day on developing knowledge on Vagrant and began writing out a Word document. Also attended an innovation pipeline meeting.
19th
Had a demo for PDD MediaWiki: A lot of stuff to take in. Began to assess the MediaWiki situation. I fixed the file upload situation. I then theorized around the structure of the PDD and component pages.
20th
Steven from DeepSecure came over to sort out TransGap with success. Met with Ieuan on the subject of Beran to get a better understanding. Study of Beran.
21st
More study of Beran. Strategy Meeting. DeepSecure PoT. Talk with Ian on the progress of the Beran historic data risk assessment. Investigation into Azure problem.
22nd
Talked with Chan Mistry on Dragon NS. False lead. Created a Visio diagram for the outlying MediaWiki website layout. More playing with the actual website.
25th
Installed InputBox extension into MediaWiki to allow for easy creation of new pages. Looking into installing either the Preloader or Boilerplate extensions that will allow section templates to have applied to article pages. This could prove helpful for either classification tags, or other possibilities that apply to certain categories.
26th
Had a Generation Architect's meeting, and an innovation pipeline. There is a possibility that the packaged Dragon NS software could be packaged as a grouped accessibility package with Dragon NS and Jaws; maybe more as well. Working on expanding MediaWiki more. Added HTML and started to categorize.
27th
More work on improving the MediaWiki with raw HTML. Categorization of pages is still a little buggy.
28th
Go4Set introduction in Tewkesbury with the others. Talked with Tom Barker on the 'categories' problem. No answer. However, can gain information on engwiki through introduction to their meetings. More work on MediaWiki as well.
29th
MediaWiki improvements.
February, 2016
1st
MediaWiki skill improvements. This was done through more investigation of Vagrant. Set-up Vagrant and VirtualBox software on the Mac. Quickly learnt how to autonomously set up simplistic virtual machines, one of which has a MediaWiki server included to it. Went to the Crypt school to help with Go4Set boys.
2nd
Easily provisioned MediaWiki extensions, inluding VisualEditor which was previously impossible on 10.138.137.82 wiki. The new foundations for this 'test' wiki has also helped me to develop a more aesthetically pleasing wiki. Also had a driving test.
3rd
Showed Sunil the ropes on creating his own wiki pages in the PDD Wiki. Gave in final identification documents to STEM lady Caroline. Gave scanned copy of passport to Melanie Bailey for CTC vetting. Started developing the Vagrant overview document more with more specific examples applying to EDF.
4th
Had a Strategy session. Helped Aidan set up a virtual machine for the development team. More updates to the Vagrant document ans sent it off to Andy to review.
5th
Playing around with Vagrant and Azure and also Vagrant with Docker. Vagrant with Azure needs to be updated as Vagrant makes the input of a management certificate mandatory where Azure management certificates are no longer supported.
8th
More configuration/exploration with Vagrant used with Docker. Not too important concerning use cases for Vagrant implementation. Updated Vagrant document. Had an innovation pipeline. Had a meeting with Sunil and others on use of wikis to provide information on information governance with regards to data types against company systems.
9th
Work on MediaWiki formatting. Had an Architect's team meeting.
10th
Work on MediaWiki formatting. Had a one-to-one with Martin.
11th
Developing obsolescence view for information systems in generation and their supporting components.
12th
Finished first draft of obsolescence view for review from Martin, Andy, Graham. Put through a WPDO request to Dawn Thorneycroft and package crew to no effect. Needs adjusting. Put the Beran Hack Day idea into the innovation hopper.
15th
Minor tweaking to PDD wiki site. Had an innovation pipeline meeting. Development of personal development 'checklist' document. Sent down an e-mail on prospects for Dragon NaturallySpeaking . Requirements gathering for Beran project.
16th
Had first Deliverable Team 3 meeting. Had an Architect team meeting. More tweaking of PDD MediaWiki. Improvements made to Obsolescence Plan. Looking into talking with Jon Annison on potential implementation of Dragon NS Professional.
17th
Trying to install Parsoid.
18th
Trying to install Parsoid. Talking with Dave Webb on Docker.
19th
On Leave.
22nd
Had an innovation pipeline meeting. Made progress on a requirements gathering document for Beran project.
23rd
More work on Beran requirements gathering document. Attended a Delivery Team 3 meeting. Completed DBS application for STEM ambassador induction.
24th
Talked with Kathryn on Dragon NaturallySpeaking update. Did a lot of programming on python regarding number properties to stay up to scratch.
25th to 26th
After a strategy session on the 25th I needed to up the priority of perfecting the obsolescence plan as it was due on the 26th. I did all I could and handed a copy to Martin but some of the systems still require validation from Andy.
29th
Worked on developing Beran requirements a little more. Attended another Go4Set meeting/session.
March, 2016
1st
Had a meeting with Kathryn, Becky, Megan and co. on steps forwards for collating an accessibility software wiki. Had another session for collating an accessibility software wiki. Had another session with Kathryn, Megan and Becky on the usage of JAWS. More work on obsolescence plan based on Andy's input. Started work on a web hierarchy structure for the accessibility wiki.
2nd
More work on obsolescence plan before and after a meeting with Graham and Andy on validation of the aspects in the diagram. Asked to start a draft of the execution plan. Need to see the MTP from Glen Thorney.
3rd
Got a reply back from Ieuan on Beran. Passed my driving test practical. Also had a look at the MTP trying to understand that.
4th
More Beran requirements.
7th
More Beran requirements. Shut down the Azure virtual machines for Lync. Attended another Go4Set session at the Crypt School.
8th
Talking with Kathryn, Adam and George Xydas on possibility of placing accessibility user help stuff on Pulse/SharePoint/MediaWiki. Attended Team Architect's meeting. Sorted something out with Mat on PDD wiki. Attended Strategy session on Vision 2020.
9th
More Beran requirements, work on Execution plan. Had a one-to-one with Martin. Talked with Mat on inevitability for downfalls to PDD wiki.
10th
More work on Beran Requirements and execution plan. Had a Delivery Team 3 weekly meeting and talked with Ieuan on any conflicts to the Beran requirements as well as additions and improvements to be made.
11th
Fixed Beran requirements according to Ieuan's words on the matter. Had a Vision 2020 meeting to catch up with architects and 2020 vision. More work on execution plan.
14th
More work on execution plan. Attended Go4Set to steer children on their projects. Attended an innovation pipeline meeting.
15th
Attended a Delivery Team 3 meeting and then an Architect's Team meeting. Working more on Beran requirements document. Also working on adding Sunil as a user to the Microsoft Azure environment for him to work on IoT services.
16th
More work on Beran requirements document. Talked over actions for Go4Set with Niall and Aidan.
17th
Attended a Strategy session to work out actions for progressing with the Obsolescence plan and the Execution plan. Saw a demonstration for the LittleBits kit with Simon Richardson. Took one of the kits ready to use on Monday with the Crypt school kids for Go4Set.
18th
Thinking up extra challenges for the LittleBits kit used by Go4Set kids on Monday. Edited both the Execution plan and the Obsolescence plan. Looking into Beran requirements document a little more.
21st
Go4Set day providing activities for the Crypt school at Barnwood. Small amount of work on Beran requirements. Also had a YinI mentor meeting. Need to see how other departments work at some point, as well as the station visit and provide an exit strategy by the end of the year.
22nd
Setting up a SharePoint 2013 Server Farm for Hack Day management.
23rd
More work on setting up the SharePoint SF from Azure. Talked with Mark on potentially creating component references in a wiki.
24th
Started to develop an idea on how to structure the new component wiki.
25th to 31st
Easter Break.
April, 2016
1st to 3rd
Easter Break.
4th
Had an Accessibility meeting with Kathryn, Becky, Dave and others. Attended innovation pipeline meeting and talked with Graham and Martin Wragby on MEGA and its applications. Started to add new systems and components to obsolescence plan.
5th
Had a Delivery Team 3 meeting, and Architect's Team meeting as well as a GAF. Finished adding to the obsolescence plan based on Graham's MEGA data extraction.
6th
Working on component wiki a little more, ground to a halt while Graham consults on quality/benefits of purpose. Working on analysis of funding for Microsoft Azure resources.
7th
Had a Strategy session on Actions to progress 2020 visions. Given a Project Tango Developer's Kit to test out how the hardware/software functions. More work on Azure billing granularity.
8th
Started on Excel spreadsheet showing support dates for critical applications we use. A little more investigation for Project Tango.
11th
Attended a Go4Set and an innovation pipeline meeting.
12th
Had an Architect's Team meeting on IT Principles. Also had a one-to-one with Martin. Started looking into more developer tools for Project Tango. Also started on Excel spreadsheet on Azure billing to include charts.
13th
Had a Delivery Team 3 meeting. Talked with Becky and also Dave to add to Accessibility Requirements Matrix. Finished the Excel spreadsheet granularizing Azure billing with charts.
14th
Had a Strategy session on Obsolescence and Data Management. Attended training for Unescorted Access to Hinkley Point B. Contacted Dot Product LLC on issues with serial numbers. Looked into a few apps for Project Tango.
15th
Started looking into developing some form of web server to host information from my time with EDF.
18th
Attended a Go4Set session; approaching crunch time now. More work on developing this server.
19th
Hinkley Point B tour around Pumphouse, Turbine Hall, Reactor Hall, Control Room. A little more work on the Accessibility software Requirements Matrix.
20th
A day of learning more on creating web servers; specifically for a Mac OS. More development before heading off to Black Horse in Cranham to drink.
21st
Finished developing Server-Side area of programming for site, specifically for the log.
22nd
More coding for selecting text within clicked table cell. Also created a SharePoint list to establish Application ownership across Generation IS. Attended a meeting on Go4Set CAD day with YinI students.
25th
Attended Go4Set session, closing in on completing the report.
26th
Leave.
27th
More development on building up the Task List page of my web service.
28th
Rounding off of development of the Task List page for my web service. Attended a Software Accessibility Meeting with Becky, Jane, Kathryn and Dave.
29th
More development of the web services - mainly rounding off edges. A little more optimization of the SharePoint list for Applications Ownership.
May, 2016
2nd
May Day Holiday
3rd
Attended Delivery Team 3 meeting and  GA Forum with the Architects. I started helping Ian with the architectural components of the new Beran infrastructure.
4th
More help for Ian to expand on his Risk Assessment for the new Beran infratructure. Missed out on Human Performance workshop.
5th
Attended a Nuclear Safety Culture workshop for the whole day - very informative.
6th
Development of the infrastructure of Beran on a Visio diagram as well as a talk with Gareth Edwards on understanding certain aspects of how the current infrastructure works as well as what he would want from the potential infrastructure.
9th
Added notes on the Visio diagram concerning certain aspects of the current infrastructure for Beran and the transmission of its data. Attended a Go4Set session at the Crypt School.
10th
For the entire day, I attended and in some ways helped to coordinate the Go4Set CAD day hosted in Barnwood. I helped the kids get to the places they needed to be regarding the itinerary for the day. Mine and Niall's team unfortunately didn't win an award.
11th
Started development of the HLA for Strategic Remote Access in MediaWiki in a last attempt to trial the potential of the software regarding its containerization of project design documents; this time with high level options reports.
12th
Continued and completed copying up the HLOR for Strategic Remote Access. Got a place in attending the Performance and Innovation Awards for EDF next Tuesday.
13th
Odd jobs here and there. Received a reply from Dot Products LLC on the license for Phi.3D.
16th
Got back to Dot Products LLC on the license issue and eventually received a working license from them. Tested out the software on the Project Tango; seemed very successful. Attended an Innovation Pipeline for updates on BERAN and Project Tango and also a dress rehearsal for the awards show for tomorrow.
17th
Attended the Performance and Innovation Awards event at Kingsholm Rugby Stadium.
18th
Had a session with Andrea from Loughborough University on how the placement was going after his last check up in December. Sorted out arrangements for tomorrow with regards to helping out for D&I week.
19th
Diversity & Inclusion Day - I gave out leaflets and sweets at the side entrance in the morning and in the afternoon manned a charity stall with Ed Welch and Sam Jones.
20th
Out of work for Day Back Day at Loughborough University. I now have to figure out what my modules are and my final year project.
23rd
Was meant to attend an Innovation Pipeline but missed it. Nothing but development on the website, painstakingly adding university module pages.
24th
GigJam is available to preview, so I'll be playing around with that for the next few days probably. Also, more development.
25th
More development of the web page, adding more university modules. Also working out my CTC vetting status with wrong GP details as well as giving back my Freedom laptop which I do not use any more.
26th
Attended a One EDF session with Martin, Sunil, Matt B, Dean Vessey, Mark Roberts, Robin, Sarah Burslem & Claire Sharpe. More work on development of University Modules on my web site.
27th
Annual Leave.
30th
Bank Holiday.
31st
Attended an Architect Team Meeting and also a Software Accessibility Meeting with Becky, Kathryn, Dave and Mike Glanville. More work on development.
June, 2016
1st
Work on the development of the web site, specifically-speaking, the University Modules. I also began developing the Azure infrastructure for BERAN. I now have a Storage Account and two virtual machines linked to the storage account for both the universities and EDF employees working closely with Beran.
2nd
Fine tweaking on the Azure infrastructure, including consolidating the Runbook scripts to make sure all virtual machines that remain active under the EDF subscription are being shut down and started up again. Also, more development on my web site. Also attended a Strategy session including Steve McHugh and Greg Buckle.
3rd
Annual Leave.
6th
Attended an Innovation Pipeline. Met up with Ian to ask how the Risk Assessment is coming along. Asked Dot Product LLC about whether they hold 3D model data files server-side. More development on the web site.
7th
Attended a Delivery Team 3 meeting as well as an Architect's meeting. I've been rounding off edges on the web site but need to get cracking on sorting out active directories on the Azure portal as well as acquiring licenses for the software that is required for the BERAN infrastructure.
8th
Attended a 1-2-1 with Martin as well as talking with Andy on my current tasks to complete. Realized that I actually have more work to do with regards to BERAN that should keep me going. Also need to look into the API of Project Tango. More development of the site.
9th
Missed the Strategy Session. Got caught up in making the task pages of the site jQuery. The site is now very refined.
10th
I went to the Wheatstone pub at lunch to say my final good bye to Mat Rowles who was leaving on this day. I also continued my high level thinking on what should be the outcome for the Beran infrastructure. As well as this I discarded various things in my drawers at work to be ready for the move next week.
13th
I started writing up detailed logs of all the things/projects I'd been doing over the year. Attended an Innovation Pipeline. Added my slide into the Innovation Slideshow. Posted my amended medical consent form off using special delivery. I also looked at the new applications available on Project Tango, to no avail.
14th
I attended a Delivery Team 3 meeting and an Architects Team meeting. I wrote up a document detailing the Lunch+Learn sessions that Martin has requested on the topic of the Innovation Pipeline. I have talked with Ian Kelly on an update for the BERAN Risk Assessment. I have also sent off my tenancy agreement for final year university accommodation.
15th
Small amounts of development, nothing much happening.
16th
More small amounts of development. I also had a Strategy Session with Sunil, Graham, Steve, and Ignatius.
17th
More small amounts of development to the web site.
20th
Attended an Innovation Pipeline. Also had some high level thinking regarding BERAN solution. More development on the web site.
21st
Attended a Generation Architect's Meeting. Introduced myself to Vincent; a French intern who came here to be a part of the innovation team. I showed him round the site and gave him some innovation items to research.
22nd
A little thinking on BERAN infrastructure. I have been helping Vincent around a tiny bit more.
23rd
The Strategy Session was cancelled to make way for a GEN IS Stand-up, which I did not attend. I attended a Bowls Session with Niall which was fun. Other than that I built on the BERAN requirements document to cater for the slightly altered requirements.
24th
More development on the BERAN requirements document, which I finished today. Had to wrap up labeling the items on the desk ready for the move of the department.
27th
Had an Accessibility Software Working Group meeting and an Innovation Pipeline.
28th
Had a Delivery Team 3 meeting.
29th
Had a meeting with Gareth about better understanding, at a lower level, for developing the project further.
30th
Had a Strategy session and a quick catch up with Kathryn and Dave about working on something for the Accessibility group. I have to do testing for the new Pulse site to make sure it's efficient for JAWS and Dragon NaturallySpeaking users. I also am updating the Visio diagram for the BERAN future infrastructure implementation.
July, 2016
1st
Had a talk with Robin about handing over the Pulse testing. I then emailed George Xydas who told me that it would be impossible for the testing to be available before I leave EDF. I gave him information on how the website should be set up so that JAWS users can use it to find it as useful as possible.
4th
Leave.
5th
Had a Delivery Team 3 meeting and went to a presenting workshop Lunch+Learn. I also started development of a lower level description document of how BERAN would be implemented in Azure.
6th
More development of the BERAN document.
7th
Had a strategy session on classification, etc. More development on the BERAN document.
8th
Had a quick clarification session on Lunch+Learn for Innovation, on what to set up for the 19th and 26th of July. Also had a teleconference with Greg Buckle and James Marchant on the migration of a shady website for CGR generation output data over to an Azure-hosted web service. Created the web service and the SQL database on Azure.
11th
Worked a lot on developing my end-of-year presentation. I also practiced with Niall, Aidan and Wasim. I also attended an Innovation Pipeline on IoT and 360 degree imagery.
12th
I attended a morning meeting where all the Year in Industry students gave five minute presentations on their year at EDF, and afterwards taking any questions that the audience had. Also had some communications with James Marchant on progress of the migration of a website to the Azure hosted web application.
13th
I helped a little with making James Marchant able to distinguish the problem with accessing the Azure site on the Blue network. As well as this I made more steps in development of my personal web site.
14th
More development of the web site. I attended a meeting on the Hartree hackathon with Andy, Adam, Gareth and Simon Pegg. I also attended a web conference with Greg and James on the progress of the Azure-hosted web service.
15th
Leave.
18th
More development to the website. Attended an Innovation Pipeline. Handed over the Divided architecture document to Andy for him to provide comments/help on.
19th
Added cookies to the web site. Attended the Lunch + Learn for Innovation. Also had a random drugs test.